TELEHEALTH VISIT NOTE - FAMILY MEDICINE
Date of Service: 07/29/2025
Author: Hannah Weiss, NP (resident note; attending attestation below)

Patient: Harold Alexander, M, DOB 1/1/1947 (age 78)
Visit type: Telehealth, medication refills

CHIEF COMPLAINT: refill of meds for osteoarthritis and peripheral artery disease, pt called in requesting renewal prior to running out

HPI: Mr Alexander is a 78 year old man seen today via video visit for routine medicaton refills. He reports knee pain is stable, using topical diclofenac and acetaminophen as needed, he states pain is "managable" most days but flares with cold wx. Regarding his PAD he reports intermittent claudication with walking approx 2 blocks, unchanged from prior, denies rest pain or nonhealing ulcers. He is compliant with cilostazol and aspirin. No new chest pain SOB or lightheadedness. Pt sounds a bit hard of hearing on the call, had to repeat several questions, [inaudible] portion when he was discussing his daughter visiting from out of town this week and helping him with groceries and driving him to appts he cant drive himself anymore due to vision.

SOCIAL HISTORY: Tobacco - patient reports he tried a few cigarettes as a teenager but never smoked regularly, denies any current or past regular tobacco use. Alcohol - occasional glass of wine. Denies illicit drug use. Lives alone, daughter lives 1 hr away and checks in.

--- COPY FORWARD FROM PRIOR VISIT NOTE DATED 03/14/2024 (left in for reference, not all updated) ---
PATIENT: Harold Alexander DOB 1/1/1947
CC: f/u osteoarthritis, PAD, med refills
HPI: pt here today for routien follow up of osteoarthritis of bilateral knees and peripheral artery disease. reports pain well controled on current regimen, ambulates with cane. PAD sx stable, no rest pain, no ulcers noted on exam feet warm distal pulses diminished but palpable bilaterally. Pt continues on cilostazol 100mg BID and aspirin 81mg daily, tolerating well no bleeding issues. Pt denies tobacco use. Pt reports he lives with his late wife's sister for company, this may be outdated info as pt mentioned recently she moved out. ROS otherwise negative for CP SOB fevers chills wt loss. Plan continue current meds f/u 6 months routine labs ordered CBC CMP lipid panel.
--- END COPY FORWARD ---

REVIEW OF SYSTEMS: Constitutional - no fever no wt loss. Cardiovascular - no chest pain no palpitations, claudication as above. Musculoskeletal - chronic knee pain stable. Neuro - no focal weakness no numbness. Denies depression or SI.

PHYSICAL EXAM (limited, telehealth): Pt appears comfortable, seated, speaking in full sentences no acute distress noted on camera. Skin - no rashes visible. Extremities - unable to fully assess pulses via telehealth, pt reports no color changes or ulcers currently, will defer full vascular exam to in person visit if needed. Cognitively pt oriented x3, appropriate historian though required repeating of questions due to hearing.

ASSESSMENT:
1. Osteoarthritis, bilateral knees - stable on current regimen
2. Peripheral artery disease - stable, claudication unchanged, on cilostazol and ASA
3. Tobacco history - minimal, tried a few cigarettes as a teenager, never a regular smoker; no counseling needed regarding cessation as pt does not currently use tobacco nor has meaningful smoking hx

PLAN:
- Refill acetaminophen 650mg PRN, topical diclofenac gel, cilostazol 100mg BID, aspirin 81mg daily, sent to pharmacy
- Continue home exercise program for knees, PT referral discussed but pt declined at this time prefers home stretches
- General preventive health topics briefly discussed with pt including age appropriate screenings, pt to discuss further with PCP at next in person visit
- Labs: CBC, CMP, lipid panel ordered for next visit
- F/u in 4-6 months or sooner if worsening claudication, rest pain, non healing wounds
- Pt educated on signs of limb ischemia to report immediately including new pain at rest, color changes, non healing sores
- Daughter to assist with transportation to future in-person visits as needed

Telehealth visit conducted with audio/video, pt consented to telehealth format, technical quality adequate though some portions of the call were difficult to hear due to pt's hearing impairment and background noise, some segments marked [inaudible] in transcription assist tool used for documentation support, all clinically relevant info above confirmed verbally with pt before end of call.

Total time spent: approx 20 minutes, more than half spent on counseling and coordination of care regarding PAD management and medication refill logistics.

ATTESTATION: I have reviewed this note written by Hannah Weiss, NP, and discussed the case with her. I agree with the assessment and plan as documented above. Patient's tobacco history was specifically reviewed and confirmed to be minimal (a few cigarettes tried as a teenager, no regular use). - Attending, Dr. R. Feldman, MD (attestation electronically signed)

Encounter date of service: 07/29/2025. Next appt to be scheduled per above.
