Cardiology Progress Note
Patient: Yolanda Jackson (F), DOB 4/16/1950, age 75
Date of Service: 07/03/2025
Author: Anita Patel, MD

HPI: Ms Jackson returns for heart failure follow up she states 'I've been feeling more short of breath climbing the stairs at my house lately' and denys chest pain or PND. She reports adherence to her diuretic regimin, weighs herself daily per instrucion, no significant weight gain noted this week. Pt also has history of osteoporosis and osteoarthritis, reports knee pain that is stable on current regimen, denies new falls.

Smoking history reviewed in detail today: patient reports smoking a quarter pack (about 5 cigarettes) per day for 17 years, then increased to 1.5 packs per day for 23 years, then cut back to half a pack (about 10 cigarettes) per day for the past 17 years, which she continues currently. She states 'I know I should quit but I'm just not ready to right now.' She still smokes and is not ready to quit at this time; brief counseling was provided and she was advised of the benefits of cessation, she declined referral to a cessation program today. Lung cancer screening was discussed in general terms with the patient [inaudible] she said she'd think about it more next visit.

ROS: otherwise negative for fevers chills nausea vomiting, positive for occasional lower extremity edema which she says is 'about the same as usual.'

Exam: BP 132/78, HR 76 reg, RR 16, SpO2 96% RA. Gen: NAD, alert oriented x3. CV: RRR, no murmurs appreciated, JVP not elevated. Lungs: clear to auscultaion bilaterally, no wheezes rales or rhonchi. Ext: trace bilateral pitting edema, no calf tenderness. Musculoskeletal: mild crepitus bilateral knees, no effusion.

Labs (reviewed today): BNP mildly elevated from baseline, BMP unremarkable, Cr stable at baseline.

Assessment: 75 yo F with chronic systolic heart failure, currently stable/mildly symptomatic, on guideline directed medical therapy also with osteoporosis and osteoarthrits both stable.

Plan:
1. Continue current diuretic dose, recheck weight and symptoms at next visit
2. Continue GDMT as tolerated, no changes today
3. Counseled again regarding smoking cessation, patient not ready to quit at this visit, will readdress at future visits
4. Continue calcium/vitamin D and bisphosphonate for osteoporosis per prior plan
5. Continue conservative management for osteoarthritis, PT as needed
6. Follow up in cardiology clinic in 3 months or sooner if symptoms worsen
7. Pt instructed to call if increased dyspnea, weight gain of >3 lbs in 2 days or swelling

Electronically signed, Anita Patel, MD
