H&P - Pulmonology Follow-Up
Patient: Roger Clark, M, DOB 5/7/1953, age 70
DOS: 09/20/2023
Author: Elena Markovic, MD

CC: F/u incidental lung nodule found on CT chest done for eval of chest discomfort last month.

HPI: Pt is a 70 yo male referred to pulm clinic for f/u of an incidentally noted 8mm nodule in RUL seen on CT done at outside ER. Pt reports no hemoptysis, no wt loss, mild chronic cough which he attributes to "just always have had it, doc". He denies fevers/chills. Pt has hx of CAD s/p stent 2019, OSA on CPAP (compliance variable per pt, says mask "falls of" at night [inaudible] sometimes), and BPH followed by urology. Smoking hx is notable and pt gives a detailed timeline today - he started smoking as a teen, smoked 1 pack per day for 13 years, then increased to 2 packs per day for 17 years during a stressful period of his life (he was working long hrs as a long-haul trucker), and then cut back somewhat to 1.5 packs per day for the last 13 years, which is his current level. He states he has tried to quit multiple times without success. No other substance use reported. Pt lives with spouse, retired.

ROS: Otherwise negative except as above; pt denies chest pain today, denies SOB at rest, mild dyspnea on exertion which he says is "nothing new".

PMH: CAD, OSA, BPH
PSH: none significant
Meds: aspirin 81mg daily, atorvastatin, tamsulosin, CPAP nightly (per report)
Allergies: NKDA

Social History: Pt is an active smoker, currently smoking as noted above. He was counseled extensively regarding smoking cessation resources including nicotine replacement, varenicline, and behavioral counseling; pt states he is "not ready" to quit at this time but will "think about it". No alcohol excess reported, denies illicit drug use. Retired trucker, lives with wife of 40+ yrs, has two adult children who live nearby-ish, [inaudible] mentioned grandkids visit often which he enjoys.

Family History: Father died of MI in his 60s, mother had COPD, no known lung cancer in family per pt report.

Physical Exam:
Vitals: BP 138/84, HR 78, RR 16, SpO2 96% RA, Wt stable per chart
Gen: NAD, well-appearing male in no acute distress
HEENT: PERRLA, oropharynx clear
Neck: no LAD, no JVD
CV: RRR, no m/r/g
Resp: CTAB, no wheezes/rales/rhonchi, no accessory muscle use
Abd: soft, NT/ND, no HSM
Ext: no c/c/e
Neuro: grossly nonfocal

Labs/Imaging: CT chest reviewed today - 8mm spiculated nodule RUL, stable comparison not available as this is first study on file with us; PFTs pending, ordered today.

Assessment/Plan:
1. Incidental pulmonary nodule, RUL, 8mm - given pt's smoking history as above and age, there is some concern warranting further eval. Will obtain repeat CT chest in 3 months to assess for interval growth/stability. Lung cancer screening was discussed with pt in general terms as part of overall risk discussion, though decision regarding any low-dose CT screening program was deferred to a separate discussion; nothing ordered today for that purpose specifically beyond the follow-up CT above.
2. Tobacco use, active - strongly encouraged cessation today, provided pt with pamphlets and info re: quitline, offered pharmacotherapy which pt declined for now, will readdress at next visit.
3. CAD - stable, continue current cardiac meds, no acute issues today, f/u with cardiology per their own schedule.
4. OSA - discussed CPAP compliance issues, will refer back to sleep medicine if issues persist, encouraged pt to trouble-shoot mask fit.
5. BPH - stable per pt, continue tamsulosin, f/u urology as scheduled.

Return to clinic in 3 months for repeat imaging review, sooner if new symptoms develop such as hemoptysis, unexplained wt loss, worsening cough, or chest pain. Pt verbalized understanding of plan and agreed to f/u.

Elena Markovic, MD
Pulmonology
Dictated 09/20/2023, transcribed same day.
