RESIDENT NOTE - PRIMARY CARE
Patient: George Lopez | DOB: 09/18/1955 | Age: 70 | Sex: M
Date of Service: 09/18/2025
Author: Kevin Osei, MD (resident); attending attestation below

CC: New patient visit to establish care.

HPI: Mr Lopez is a 70 year old male here today to establish care with our practice, he was previously followed elsewhere and states "I just want someone local to keep an eye on my heart and my reflux." He reports his GERD is fairly well controlled on current regimen though he notes occasional breakthrough symptoms after spicy food, he also has history of coronary artery disease and osteoarthritis affecting the knees bilaterally. Patient denies chest pain, denies SOB, reports some morning stiffness in knees [inaudible] improves with movement he says "it's just old age catching up with me I guess" and continues on doing yard work most days without much limitation.

PMH: GERD, coronary artery disease, osteoarthritis
PSH: none reported
Allergies: NKDA
Meds: omeprazole, atorvastatin, aspirin 81mg

SOCIAL HISTORY / TOBACCO USE (templated):
Smoking status: Former smoker
History: Pt smoked approx 1/2 pack per day (about 10 cigarettes/day) for 21 years, then decreased to about 1/4 pack per day (approximately 5 cigarettes/day) for 14 years, prior to quitting.
Alcohol: occasional
Drug use: denies

The patient quit smoking around the time his granddaughter was born, she is now 13 years old, and he states he has not smoked since. He reports this was a major motivating factor for him and he has remained smoke free.

ROS: otherwise negative in detail per template, all systems reviewed and negative except as noted above in HPI.

Exam: Vitals stable, BP 132/78, HR 74, well appearing male in no acute distress, cardiac exam reveals regular rate and rhythm no murmurs, lungs clear to auscultation bilaterally, abdomen soft nontender, knees with mild crepitus no effusion.

Labs (reviewed today, drawn 09/17/2025):
CBC - WNL
BMP - Na 139, K 4.2, Cr 1.0
Lipid panel - Total chol 188, LDL 102, HDL 46, TG 150
A1c 5.6%

Assessment/Plan:
1. GERD - continue omeprazole, dietary counseling given
2. CAD - continue aspirin and statin, ECG reviewed stable
3. OA knees - recommend acetaminophen PRN, physical therapy referral
4. Tobacco - former smoker, quit status reinforced, counseling regarding lung health discussed, screening options discussed generally
5. Return to clinic in 3 months or sooner if needed

Attending Attestation: I have seen and examined the patient with Dr Osei and agree with the assessment and plan as documented above.

ADDENDUM (later same day): Patient called back requesting refill of omeprazole sent to pharmacy, no other changes to note.
