PULMONOLOGY FOLLOW-UP
Patient: Paula King | DOB: 3/23/1953 | Age: 73
Date of Service: 05/07/2026
Author: Kevin Osei, MD

CHIEF COMPLAINT: COPD follow up, worsening dyspnea on exertion.

HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:
Ms King is a 73 year old woman with hx of COPD, atrial fibrillation, and BPH who returns today for routine follow up of her lung disease she says her breathing has been "about the same, maybe a little worse when I climb the stairs" she denies fevers chills or increase in sputum production but does note some intermittent wheeze especially in the mornings. Patient states "I still cough up a little bit of yellowish stuff most days" no hemoptysis reported. She was last seen in clinic approx 4 months ago at that time her FEV1 was stable per pulm function testing done in house.

She reports using her tiotropium inhaler daily and albuterol PRN, states she uses the rescue inhaler "maybe two, three times a week" when she gets short of breath doing housework or walking the dog. No recent hospitalizations or ED visits for COPD exacerbation. She has not required steroids or antibiotics since last visit.

Regarding cardiac status, patient is followed by cardiology for atrial fibrillation, currently on apixaban and metoprolol, denies palpitations, denies chest pain, denies syncope. She reports occasional lightheadedness which she attributes to "just getting old I guess." For BPH she is on tamsulosin, reports nocturia x2 which is stable from prior, no hematuria no dysuria.

Patient lives alone in a single story home, ambulates with a cane occasionally for balance, denies falls. She quotes "I get tired real easy now but I try to stay active." She endorses [inaudible] some fatigue but denies weight loss appetite is good she says "I eat like a bird but I dont loose weight so thats fine with me."

Social history reviewed and updated today the patient continues to smoke cigarettes she was counseled extensively regarding smoking cessation resources including nicotine replacement therapy and referral to the quitline however she states clearly "I know I should quit but I'm just not ready right now" she denies interest in pharmacotherapy for cessation at this time will continue to offer support at future visits. She denies any illicit drug use, reports rare alcohol use, a glass of wine on holidays.

ROS: Constitutional - mild fatigue, no fever. Resp - chronic cough, wheeze as above, no hemoptysis. CV - no chest pain no palpitations occasional lightheadedness. GI - no nausea vomiting or abdominal pain. GU - nocturia x2 as noted above. Musculoskeletal - mild low back pain chronic. Neuro - no focal deficits. Skin - no rashes. All other systems reviewed and negative.

PHYSICAL EXAM:
Vitals: BP 138/82, HR 76 irregularly irregular, RR 18, SpO2 94% on room air, Temp 98.2F, Wt 162 lbs
General: alert elderly female in no acute distress, well groomed, appropriate affect
HEENT: normocephalic atraumatic, oropharynx clear, no jugular venous distension noted
CV: irregularly irregular rhythm no murmurs rubs or gallops appreciated, 2+ pulses bilaterally
Resp: mildly diminished breath sounds bilateral bases with faint expiratory wheeze, no crackles no accessory muscle use, chest wall symmetric
Abd: soft nontender nondistended, normoactive bowel sounds
Ext: no edema no clubbing no cyanosis
Skin: warm dry intact
Neuro: grossly nonfocal, gait steady with cane

LABS/STUDIES REVIEWED:
Spirometry from 01/2026 showed FEV1 58% predicted, FEV1/FVC ratio 0.61 consistent with moderate obstruction, similar to prior study. CBC and BMP within normal limits from last month. INR last checked was therapeutic at 2.3 on apixaban dosing is fixed dose so this is not routinely followed but was checked due to bruising complaint which has since resolved.

CXR from prior visit reviewed again today no acute infiltrate, mild hyperinflation consistent with COPD, no nodules or masses identified.

ASSESSMENT/PLAN:
1. COPD, moderate, stable on current regimen - continue tiotropium daily and albuterol PRN, reinforce inhaler technique today patient demonstrated correct technique with spacer. Discussed pulmonary rehab referral, patient hesitant but will consider. Given the patient's extensive tobacco exposure, having smoked on and off for most of her adult life, we discussed ongoing surveillance and the importance of monitoring for lung nodules or changes on future imaging. Lung cancer screening options were discussed in general terms with the patient today.
2. Tobacco use, current - patient continues to smoke and per her own statement is not ready to quit at this time, counseled again today on risks and benefits of cessation, offered nicotine replacement and quitline referral both declined for now, will continue to readdress at future visits, brief motivational interviewing performed today.
3. Atrial fibrillation - rate controlled, continue apixaban and metoprolol as prescribed by cardiology, will defer further cardiac management to cardiology, follow up with them as scheduled.
4. BPH - stable on tamsulosin, continue current dose, no acute urinary retention symptoms today.
5. Chronic fatigue - likely multifactorial related to COPD and age, will monitor, no acute intervention needed at this time labs are reassuring.

Return to clinic in 4 months or sooner if symptoms worsen, patient given instructions on when to seek urgent care for COPD exacerbation symptoms including increased sputum purulence increased dyspnea or fever. Patient verbalized understanding of plan today and agreed with above.

Electronically signed,
Kevin Osei, MD
Pulmonology
Date of Service 05/07/2026
