TELEHEALTH VISIT - Family Medicine
Patient: Cheryl Baker | DOB: 2/13/1965 (age 58) | DOS: 12/28/2023
Author: Catherine Lindqvist, DO (resident note, attending attestation to follow)

CC: Medication refills, HTN and CAD follow up via video visit.

HPI: Ms. Baker is a 58 y/o woman with hx of hypertension and coronary artery disease calling in today for refills, she states "I just need my pills called in, I'm doing okay I think." She denies chest pain, denies SOB, denies palpitations, reports occasional ankle swelling in the evening witch she attirbutes to standing at work all day [inaudible] she also mentions her knee has been bothering her but that's a separate issue we'll address another time. She reports she smokes cigarettes currently, between 1 and 2 packs per day, and has done so for 41 years. She has set a quit date for 1/13/2024 and says she is motivated to follow through this time. Counseled on smoking cessation resources, discussed nicotine replacement options and referral to quitline; screening for lung cancer was discussed in general terms.

--- COPIED FORWARD FROM VISIT 6/14/2022 ---
Pt seen for routine f/u of HTN and CAD, reports doing well, denies CP/SOB/palpitations, BP well controlled on current regimen, lipid panel reviewed and stable, pt continues on aspirin, statin, beta blocker, and ACE inhibitor, pt educated on low sodium diet and reguar exercise, pt states she walks 20 minutes daily when weather permits, pt denies alcohol use, quit drinking in 2010 per pt report, follow up in 6 months or sooner if symptoms worsen, pt verbalizes understanding of plan and agrees to f/u labs prior to next visit.
--- END COPIED TEXT ---

ROS: Otherwise negative except as above.

Meds: Lisinopril, Atorvastatin, Metoprolol, Aspirin 81mg - refills requested and sent to pharmacy.

Allergies: NKDA.

Social Hx: Current cigarette smoker as above. Denies alcohol use, quit drinking in 2010. Denies illicit drug use.

Assessment/Plan:
1. Hypertension - stable, continue current meds, refills sent.
2. Coronary artery disease - stable, no anginal symptoms today, continue statin and antiplatelet therapy.
3. Tobacco use - counseled extensively, quit date set 1/13/2024, provided quitline number, will discuss pharmacologic aids at next visit.
4. Alcohol - abstinent since 2010, no concerns.
5. Knee pain - will address at future visit if persists.

RTC in 3 months or sooner PRN.

Attending Attestation: I have reviewed and discussed this visit with Dr. Lindqvist and agree with the assessment and plan as documented above.
