H&P - New Patient Visit
Primary Care - Dr. Farah Siddiqui
Date of Service: 11/20/2023

Patient: Wei Campbell, M, DOB 2/9/1963, Age: 60

CHIEF COMPLAINT: Establish care, new patient.

HPI: Mr. Campbell is a 60-year-old male here to establish primary care after moving to the area. He states, "I just want someone to keep an eye on my sugar and cholesterol." He reports his diabetis has been managed with metformin, dose and compliance to be confirmed, and he denies any acute complaints today, no chest pain, no shortness of breath, no polyuria or polydipsia currently, though he admits diet has been [inaudible] over the holidays and he's been eating out more then usual which he knows isn't great for his sugars. He also has a history of hyperlipidemia and is uncertain of his last lipid panel results, thinks it was done maybe a year or so ago at his prior clinic in another state, records pending. No new complaints, feels well overall, denies fevers chills nausea vomiting diarrhea, denies vision changes, denies numbness or tingling in feet.

---COPIED FORWARD FROM PRIOR NOTE DATED 04/14/2021 (OUTSIDE RECORDS)---
Pt seen for routine f/u of DM2 and HLD. A1c stable at 7.1, LDL 98 on atorvastatin 20mg daily. Continue metformin 1000mg BID. BP well controlled at 122/76. Pt denies any new symptoms, exercising regularly per report, walks 30 min most days. Diet reviewed, pt states he is trying to cut back on rice in take. Will recheck labs in 6 months and f/u in clinic. Immunizations reviewed and updated. Pt tolerating meds well, no side effects reported at that time.
---END COPIED FORWARD---

REVIEW OF SYSTEMS: Otherwise negative except as noted above in HPI.

SOCIAL HISTORY: Not obtained this visit; social history section not completed, to be addressed at follow up.

PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: Type 2 diabetes mellitus, hyperlipidemia.

PAST SURGICAL HISTORY: None reported.

FAMILY HISTORY: Mother with diabetes, father with hypertension, no known history of cancer per patient.

MEDICATIONS: Metformin (dose to be confirmed), atorvastatin (dose to be confirmed, records pending).

ALLERGIES: NKDA.

PHYSICAL EXAM:
Vitals: BP 128/78, HR 76, RR 16, Temp 98.4F, Wt 198 lb, Ht 5'9"
General: Well-appearing male in no acute distress.
HEENT: Normocephalic, atraumatic, PERRLA, oropharynx clear.
Neck: No lymphadenopathy, no thyromegaly.
CV: Regular rate and rhythm, no murmurs rubs or gallops.
Lungs: Clear to auscultation bilaterally, no wheezes rales or rhonchi.
Abdomen: Soft, non-tender, non-distended, normal bowel sounds.
Extremities: No edema, pulses intact bilaterally, monofilament exam of feet grossly intact today.
Skin: No rashes or lesions noted.
Neuro: Alert and oriented x3, grossly nonfocal.

ASSESSMENT/PLAN:
1. Type 2 diabetes mellitus - continue metformin, will obtain updated A1c and CMP today, encourage dietary modification and regular exercise, discussed goals of therapy.
2. Hyperlipidemia - continue statin therapy pending confirmation of dose, will check fasting lipid panel, reviewed cardiovascular risk reduction strategies including diet and exercise.
3. Health maintenance - due for age-appropriate preventive care, will update immunizations, colorectal cancer screening discussed and pt agreeable to schedule, discussed general preventive health screenings appropriate for age.
4. Follow up in 3 months or sooner if any concerns, patient instructed to call clinic with any new or worsening symptoms in the interim, records requested from prior clinic to be reviewed at next visit.

Electronically signed by Farah Siddiqui, MD
