CONSULT NOTE - PULMONOLOGY
Date of Service: 02/27/2023
Author: Kevin Osei, MD
Re: Leonard Wilson, DOB 2/27/1951, age 72 y/o male

Referring MD: Dr. Alvarez

HPI: Pt seen in f/u after recent ED visit and hospitalization for COPD exacerbation, now s/p discharge with steroid taper and abx course, doing somewhat better per pt though still c/o dyspnea on exertion and occassional wheeze worse in AM. He states he ran out of his tiatropium inhaler and thinks that may have precip the exacerbation, also reports increased sputum production yellow-green in color prior to admission, denies fevers currently. Pt has hx of afib on anticoag, CAD s/p prior stent, PAD, CKD stage 3, hyperlipidemia - all stable per pt. No chest pain, no new claudication symptoms, [inaudible] some mild ankle swelling noted by wife recently which pt attributes to heat.

SOCIAL HISTORY (templated):
Tobacco use: current smoker
  - Type: cigarettes
  - Amount: patient reports smoking about three-quarters of a pack (approx 15 cigarettes) per day
  - Duration: 51 years
  - Quit attempts: Not on file
Alcohol use: occasional, Not on file re: quantity
Drug use: denies
Occupation: retired, Not on file
Living situation: lives with spouse

Assessment/Plan: Mr Wilson continues to smoke despite counseling on multiple occassions regarding the risks of ongoing tobacco use in setting of his COPD, CAD, and PAD, he was again counseled today on smoking cessation and offered pharmacologic aids including varenicline and nicotine patches, he was ambivilant about starting today but agreed to consider.

1. COPD exacerbation, recently hospitalized - restart tiotropium, continue albuterol prn, f/u PFTs in 6 wks
2. Afib - continue anticoagulation per cardiology, no changes today
3. CAD/PAD - continue statin and antiplatelet per cardiology recs
4. CKD stage 3 - renal fn stable, will recheck BMP at next visit
5. Tobacco use - counseled extensively today, pt not ready to quit at this time, cessation aids offered and declined for now, will readdress at next visit

Will see back in pulm clinic in 6 weeks or sooner if symptoms worsen, pt instructed to call if increasing SOB, fever, or chest pain, [inaudible] discussed red flag symptoms with pt and spouse both present today and verbalized understanding.

Thank you for allowing us to participate in the care of this patient.

Kevin Osei, MD
Pulmonology
