INTERNAL MEDICINE - NP PROGRESS NOTE
Date of Service: 01/07/2025
Author: Michael Dunn, DO

Patient: Jose Barnes, M, DOB 1/7/1975 (age 50)

HPI: Patient here today for f/u of hypertension and diabetes, states 'my sugars have been up and down, doc, I don't know why' - reports checking glucose most mornings with values ranging 140s to 190s. He denies chest pain, denies SOB, reports occasional headache which he attributes to work stress, and there is some [inaudible] regarding his diet compliance that I could not fully make out on dictation, he says he's been trying to eat better but the holidays got in the way and he had a lot going on with his mother's illness the family situation etc etc.

--- COPIED FORWARD FROM VISIT 08/14/2023 ---
Patient with longstanding HTN and T2DM, followed in this clinic, CKD stage 3 stable, hyperlipidemia on statin therapy. Denies CP/SOB/palpitations. Review of systems otherwise negative at that time. Plan was to continue current regimen and recheck labs in 6 months.
--- END COPIED TEXT ---

SOCIAL HISTORY (templated):
Tobacco use: Current smoker
Cigarettes: 1.5 packs per day
Alcohol: Quit drinking alcohol in 2007
Illicit drug use: Not on file
Occupation: 
Living situation: Not on file

Assessment/Plan re: tobacco: Patient continues to smoke despite counseling on cessation provided at multiple visits. Discussed risks of continued smoking and general benefits of quitting, and lung cancer screening was discussed as a topic of general health maintenance. Patient states he has set a quit date for 2/15/2025 and would like to try again with that target in mind. Encouraged nicotine replacement therapy and follow-up with tobacco cessation counseling program.

ROS: Constitutional - negative for fever, chills, weight loss. Cardiovascular - negative for chest pain, palpitations. Respiratory - negative for cough, wheeze, hemoptysis. GI - negative for nausea, vomiting, diarrhea. GU - negative. Musculoskeletal - negative for joint pain. Neuro - negative for focal weakness. Psych - negative for depression, anxiety. All other systems reviewed and negative except as noted in HPI.

Physical Exam: Vitals stable, BP 138/86, HR 78, BMI 31. General - well-nourished, no acute distress. HEENT - normocephalic, atraumatic. Lungs - clear to auscultation bilaterally, no wheezes/rales/rhonchi. Cardiac - RRR, no murmurs. Abdomen - soft, nontender. Extremities - no edema. Skin - warm, dry.

Medications: Lisinopril 20mg daily, Metformin 1000mg BID, Atorvastatin 40mg qhs, Amlodipine 5mg daily, Aspirin 81mg daily, Multivitamin daily.

Assessment: 1) HTN - stable, continue current regimen. 2) T2DM - suboptimal control, will adjust meds. 3) CKD stage 3 - stable, monitor renal function. 4) Hyperlipidemia - continue statin. 5) Tobacco use - ongoing counseling as above.

Plan: Recheck labs including HbA1c and BMP in 3 months, f/u visit scheduled, continue current medications with adjustments as noted.
